Do you suffer from keratosis?
Keratoses can be easily removed
in only days while in the comfort of
your own home
The keratosis removal kit contains all you require to remove up to
ten large keratoses
if your keratosis is old and thick
use the emery board provided to roughen the surface
to allow the solution to penetrate into
the body of the keratosis
to destroy it
the protection gel should be applied
to the surrounding skin
then apply the removal solution to the
keratosis for fifteen to twenty minutes
the solution begins to react and bubble
as it attacks the surface of the
keratosis
leaving a white residue as it dries
a sure sign that the treatment has
been successful
this should be repeated twice daily for
up to fourteen days
for a large keratosis
after treatment the area will become dry
the keratosis will darken and begin to flake away
the fresh new skin will gradually blend in
with the surrounding skin
leaving no scar
Keratosis?
What keratosis?!
All ingredients a one hundred percent
natural
Well, what are you waiting for?
Purchase your keratosis removal kit today
from Skin SOS